EMAIL FACTS OF LIFE
 
 1. Big companies don't do business via chain letter. Bill
 Gates is not giving you $1000, and Disney is not giving you 
 a free vacation.
 
 There is no baby food company issuing class-action checks.
 You can relax; there is no need to pass it on "just in case
 it's true." Furthermore, just because someone said in the
 message, four generations back, that "we checked it out and 
 it's legit," does not actually make it true.
 
 2. There is no kidney theft ring in New Orleans. No one is
 waking up in a bathtub full of ice, even if a friend of a 
 friend swears it happened to their cousin. If you are 
 insistent on believing the kidney-theft ring stories, please 
 see: http://urbanlegends.tqn.com/library/weekly/aa062997.htm
 And I quote: "The National Kidney Foundation has repeatedly
 issued requests for actual victims of organ thieves to come 
 forward & tell their stories. None have.  That's "none," as 
 in "ZERO". Not even your friend's cousin.
 
 3. Neiman Marcus doesn't really sell a $200 cookie recipe.
 And even if they do, we all have it. And even if you don't, 
 you can get a copy at:
 http://www.bl.net/forwards/cookie.html Then, if you make the
 recipe, decide the cookies are that awesome, feel free to 
 pass the recipe on. (But I hear they stink.)
 
 4. We all know all 500 ways to drive your roommates crazy,
 irritate CO- workers, gross-out bathroom stall neighbors, 
 and creep out people on an elevator. We also know exactly 
 how many engineers, college students, Usenet posters, and 
 people from each and every world ethnicity it takes to change 
 a light bulb.
 
 5. Even if the latest NASA rocket disaster(s) DID contain
 plutonium that went to particulate over the eastern seaboard, 
 do you REALLY think this information would reach the public 
 via an AOL chain-letter?
 
 6. There is no "Good Times" virus. In fact, you should
 never, ever, ever forward any email containing any virus 
 warning unless you first confirm it at an actual site of 
 an actual company that actually deals with virii. Try:
 http://www.symantec.com/avcenter/hoax.html
 And even then, don't forward it. We don't care.
 
 7. If your CC: list is regularly longer than the actual
 content of your message, you're probably going to be punished 
 eternally. (Ever heard of BCC:?)
 
 8. If you're using Outlook, IE, or Netscape to write email,
 turn off "HTML encoding." Those of us on Unix shells can't 
 read it, and don't care enough to save the attachment and 
 then view it with a web browser, since you're probably 
 forwarding us a copy of the Neiman-Marcus Cookie Recipe anyway.
 
 9. If you still absolutely MUST forward that
 10th-generation message from a friend, at least have the 
 decency to trim the eight miles of headers showing everyone 
 else who's received it over the last 6 months. It sure
 wouldn't hurt to get rid of all the ">" that begin each
 line. Besides, if it has gone around that many times, we've
 probably already seen it.
 
 10. Craig Shergold in England is not dying of cancer or
 anything else at this time and would like everyone to stop 
 sending him their business cards. He apparently is also no 
 longer a "little boy" either.
 
 