 Follow up to Last Weeks Internet Rules
 
 I know this guy whose neighbor, a young man named Richard
 Brunner, was home recovering from having been served a rat
 in his bucket of Kentucky Fried  Chicken (which was like
 deja vu as earlier in the day he found a mouse inside his
 Coke can). He had a big fight that night with his new
 girlfriend  Francesca Irina Deeyenda and so anyway, he went
 to sleep and when he awoke he was in his bathtub and it was
 full of ice and he was sore all over.
 
 When he got out of the tub he realized that HIS KIDNEYS HAD
 BEENSTOLEN, and he saw a note pinned to his pillow that said
 "Call 911!" But he was afraid to use his phone because it
 was connected to his computer, and there was a virus on his
 computer that would destroy his hard drive if he opened an
 e-mail entitled "Join the crew!"
 
 He knew it wasn't a hoax because he himself was a computer
 programmer who was working on software to save us from
 Armageddon when the year 2000 rolls around. His program will
 prevent a global disaster in which all the computers get
 together and distribute the $600 Neiman Marcus cookie recipe
 under the leadership of Bill Gates. (It's true-I read it all
 last week in a mass e-mail from BILL GATES HIMSELF, who was
 also promising me a free Disneyworld vacation and $5,000 if
 I would forward the e-mail to everyone I know.)
 
 The poor man then tried to call 911 from a pay phone to
 report his missing kidneys, but reaching into the
 coin-return slot he got jabbed with an HIV-infected needle
 around which was wrapped a note that said, "Welcome to the
 world of AIDS." Luckily, he was only a few blocks from the
 hospital-the one, actually, where that little boy who is
 dying of cancer is, the one whose last wish is for everyone
 in the world to send him an e-mail and the American Cancer
 Society has agreed to pay him a nickel for every e-mail he
 receives.
 
 I sent him two e-mails and one of them was a bunch of x's
 and o's in the he shape of an angel (if you get it and
 forward it to twenty people you will have good luck but ten
 people you will only have ok luck and if you send it to less
 than ten people you will have BAD LUCK FOR SEVEN YEARS).
 
 So anyway the poor guy tried to drive himself to the
 hospital, but on the way he noticed another car driving
 along without his lights on. To be helpful, he flashed his
 lights at him and was promptly shot as part of a gang
 initiation. And it's a little-known fact that the Y1K
 problem caused the Dark Ages.
 